the visual search idea

manipulate set size and time
	within or between?
	i think time is between
	set size obv within
	run the no time threshold first
		use slopes from that to calculate a threshold for e2


set size
	make sure feature manipulations are sufficient to significantly impact rt
		a conjunction sampling different instances along the same dimension of a feature
		search for a black and white rectangle among black & grey and white & grey distractors
	maybe a 64x64 grid with a little jitter

	be mindful of target present vs absent trials

time
	maybe put in some trivially easy thing during the wait period that just requires them to pay attention
	like click a button when a word appears
	do they wait... after each search? bc then we're only talking a few seconds


can additionally manipulate whether each choice is followed by a run of search trials (analogous to dst) or just one search trial
	opportunity to get many choice trials per subject if it's just one search per choice

	leaning toward not manipulating this
	one search per choice


errors
	implement the same way as in dst
	error feedback that slows you down

methods detail on color-color conjunction
check wolfe et al 1990

Individual items could be presented at any of 36 locations in
a slightly irregular 6 x 6 array. On each trial items were presented at
8, 16, or 32 randomly chosen loci within the array. On target trials
one of these loci contained a target item. Set size, positions of target
and distractors, and presence or absence of a target were random
across trials. Subjects responded by pressing one of two keys: yes if a
target was detected and no if it was not. Reaction times (RTs) were
measured from the onset of the display.

In the color version stimuli were colored squares 0.85°
on a side. These were divided in half vertically by a black line. Target
items were half red and half green; distractors were red and blue or
green and blue. (CIE [Commission Internationale de 1'Eclairage] x, y
coordinates: red = .62, .36; green = .34, .57; blue = .14, .07).